FILENAME	FLAVOR
lavacap-shroom	This edible mushroom can be foraged all over the local volcanic caves and is a popular choice for nutritious cooking. 
lavacado	Contrary to popular belief, this fleshy fruit is not in the same plant family as the avocado tree.
green-tendril	There’s an old legend that these wriggling tendrils are the appendages of a cave-dwelling kraken. In reality, they’re simply tentacle-like vines.
purple-tendril	A naturally occurring variant of the green tendril, with a slightly milder taste.
oober-tuber	This starchy root vegetable is often used as a yam or sweet potato substitute in Volcanic cuisine. Children especially love it baked.
meat-quartz	This meat-like rock is surprisingly tender when slow-cooked in broth, but is not for those with a weak tummy.
dino-egg	Just one of these large eggs can be substituted for two or three chicken eggs in any cake or cookie recipe.
ancient-magma-fish	Also called the ‘gem of the cavern’, these long-living, three-eyed fish and their glowing scales have attracted many a tourist to the local caves.
spiny-crinklefly	Commonly known as the ‘land lobster’, this spiny critter’s meat is perfect for pan-frying with butter. 
volcanic-rock-salt	Compared to common table salt, this special rock salt delivers an earthy flavor and is said to have health benefits.
lavasquid-ink	Lavasquids expel this ink as a form of protection. It has a rich, spicy flavor.
hot-cocoa-bean	The inside of these beans taste just like sweet hot cocoa. They’re commonly used in drinks and desserts.
fire-fern	This exotic herb fetches high prices at any market, but is best freshly picked from a lava cave.
sweet-cave-crystal	These naturally-forming sugar crystals are beloved by children and, when collected fresh, make excellent specialty gifts.
pyroconut	It is one of the few trees that can withstand the temperature of volcanic caves. The fruit takes its name from its fiery red husk and spicy tang.
scorch-root-seed	This spice is ground from the seed of the scorch root, which grows on cave roofs and falls when ripe. The seeds can also be eaten like nuts.